 # combined-cycle power plant

A combined-cycle power plant comprises gas turbines, steam turbines, and heat
recovery steam generators. In this type of plant, the electricity is generated by gas and
steam turbines combined in one cycle. Then, it is transferred from one turbine to
another. We have to model the energy generated as a function of exhaust vacuum and
ambient variables and use that model to improve the plant  performance.
 
 
   ## Data Set Details:
This is a project where the variable to be predicted is energy production
The data file contains 9568 observations with five variables collected from a combined
cycle power plant over six years when the power plant was set to work with a full load.


The variables, or features, are the following:
temperature, in degrees Celsius.
exhaust_vacuum, in cm Hg.
amb_pressure, in millibar. (Ambient pressure)
r_humidity, in percentage. (Relative humidity)
energy_production, in MW, net hourly electrical energy output.

## requirements
Flask==3.0.3
requests==2.26.0
numpy== 1.24.0
scikit-learn==1.3.2



## how to set up and execute-----

create virtual environment for installing only nessessary packages we needed and also for smooth running,

1. open anaconda promnt:-

    conda create -n powerplant python==3.8 -y     

2. go to the particular directory of the code and activate the environment by,

 conda activate powerplant
     

3. installing requried libraries by requirements.txt file,

    pip install -r requirements.txt

4. finally run the app.py in anaconda prompt by
    
    python app.py 

    (copy the localhost address and paste link on your google chrome and run)


try using different inputs inorder to predict the Energy Production 


Author:
License This project is licensed under the MIT License. Feel free to use and modify the code as needed.

Contributor #bn

### THANK YOU FELLOW DEVELOPERS